This communication is issued by UBS Limited, UBS AG and/or
affiliates to professional investors only. It is the product of
a sales/trading desk and not the Research Department.  This is
not a personal recommendation, an offer to buy or sell or a
solicitation to buy or sell any securities, investment products
or other financial instrument or service. This communication is
subject to terms available at the following link:
www.ubs.com/salesandtradingdisclaimers.

Intended for recipient only and not for further distribution without 
the consent of UBS.

UBS Limited is a subsidiary of UBS AG.  UBS Limited is a company 
limited by shares incorporated in the United Kingdom, registered 
in England and Wales with the number 2035362.  
Registered office: 5 Broadgate, London EC2M 2QS
UBS Limited is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and
regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential 
Regulation Authority. 

UBS AG is a public company incorporated with limited liability in 
Switzerland domiciled in the Canton of Basel-City and the Canton of 
Zurich respectively registered at the Commercial Registry offices in 
those Cantons with new Identification No: CHE-101.329.561 as from 18 
December 2013 (and prior to 18 December 2013 with Identification
No: CH-270.3.004.646-4) and having respective head offices at 
Aeschenvorstadt 1, 4051 Basel and Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, 
Switzerland and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority in Switzerland.  Registered in the United 
Kingdom as a foreign company with No: FC021146 and having a UK 
Establishment registered at Companies House, Cardiff, with
No: BR 004507.  The principal office of UK Establishment: 
5 Broadgate, London EC2M 2QS.  In the United Kingdom, UBS AG is
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to 
regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation 
by the Prudential Regulation Authority.  Details about the extent of 
our regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority are available 
from us on request.

UBS reserves the right to retain all messages. Messages are protected
and accessed only in legally justified cases.

© UBS 2017.  All rights reserved.